README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">Hi 👋, I'm Victor</h1>
<h3 align="center">A driven software engineer from earth 😂</h3>

<!--<p align="left"> <a href="https://github.com/ryo-ma/github-profile-trophy"><img src="https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=egbadon-victor" alt="egbadon-victor" /></a> </p> -->

- 🔭 I’m currently working on [Yourvote](https://github.com/egbadon-victor/yourvote)

- 🌱 I’m currently learning **Django and microservices**

- 👨‍💻 All of my projects are available here on Github [https://github.com/egbadon-victor](https://github.com/egbadon-victor)

- 💬 Ask me about **react, javascript, python**

- 📫 How to reach me **egbadon.victor.ehichoya@gmail.com**

- ⚡ Fun fact **I am a skilled keyboardist**

<h3 align="left">Something extra:</h3>

<p align="left">I do have some private repositories that belong to clients. Here are the links to the live projects</p>

- <a href="https://www.temidayooniosun.com" target="blank">Temidayo Oniosun's Portfolio site</a>
- <a href="https://www.nelsonelijah.com" target="blank">Nelson Elijah's portfolio site</a>
- <a href="https://jide-adekola-website.vercel.app/" target="blank">Jide Adekola's portfolio site</a>

<h3 align="left">Connect with me:</h3>
<p align="left">
<a href="https://linkedin.com/in/victor egbadon" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/linked-in-alt.svg" alt="victor egbadon" height="30" width="40" /></a>
</p>

<h3 align="left">Languages and Tools:</h3>
<p align="left"> <a href="https://getbootstrap.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/bootstrap/bootstrap-plain-wordmark.svg" alt="bootstrap" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.w3schools.com/css/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/css3/css3-original-wordmark.svg" alt="css3" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.cypress.io" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/simple-icons/simple-icons/6e46ec1fc23b60c8fd0d2f2ff46db82e16dbd75f/icons/cypress.svg" alt="cypress" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.djangoproject.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/django.svg" alt="django" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://expressjs.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/express/express-original-wordmark.svg" alt="express" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://firebase.google.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/firebase/firebase-icon.svg" alt="firebase" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://git-scm.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/git-scm/git-scm-icon.svg" alt="git" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://graphql.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/graphql/graphql-icon.svg" alt="graphql" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.w3.org/html/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/html5/html5-original-wordmark.svg" alt="html5" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" alt="javascript" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/mongodb/mongodb-original-wordmark.svg" alt="mongodb" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://nextjs.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/nextjs-2.svg" alt="nextjs" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://nodejs.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/nodejs/nodejs-original-wordmark.svg" alt="nodejs" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.python.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/python/python-original.svg" alt="python" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://reactjs.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/react/react-original-wordmark.svg" alt="react" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://redux.js.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/redux/redux-original.svg" alt="redux" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://sass-lang.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/sass/sass-original.svg" alt="sass" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://tailwindcss.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/tailwindcss/tailwindcss-icon.svg" alt="tailwind" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.typescriptlang.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/typescript/typescript-original.svg" alt="typescript" width="40" height="40"/> </a> </p>

<p><img align="left" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs?username=egbadon-victor&show_icons=true&locale=en&layout=compact" alt="egbadon-victor" /></p>

<p>&nbsp;<img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=egbadon-victor&show_icons=true&locale=en" alt="egbadon-victor" /></p>

<p><img align="center" src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=egbadon-victor&" alt="egbadon-victor" /></p>

Commit message:

Revise project and learning details in README
Updated current projects and learning topics in README.

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">Hi 👋, I'm Victor</h1>
<h3 align="center">A driven software engineer from earth 😂</h3>

<!--<p align="left"> <a href="https://github.com/ryo-ma/github-profile-trophy"><img src="https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=egbadon-victor" alt="egbadon-victor" /></a> </p> -->

- 🔭 I’m currently working on AI applications.

- 🌱 Next.js, react.js, redux...

- 🧠 Software engineering is wayyy beyond code...
  
- ⬆️ Scalable architecture, security and maintainability

- 👨‍💻 All of my projects are available here on Github [https://github.com/egbadon-victor](https://github.com/egbadon-victor)

- 💬 Ask me about **react, javascript, python**

- 📫 How to reach me **egbadon.victor.ehichoya@gmail.com**

- ⚡ Fun fact **I am a skilled keyboardist**

<h3 align="left">Something extra:</h3>

<p align="left">I do have some private repositories that belong to clients. Here are the links to the live projects</p>

- <a href="https://www.temidayooniosun.com" target="blank">Temidayo Oniosun's Portfolio site</a>
- <a href="https://www.nelsonelijah.com" target="blank">Nelson Elijah's portfolio site</a>
- <a href="https://jide-adekola-website.vercel.app/" target="blank">Jide Adekola's portfolio site</a>

<h3 align="left">Connect with me:</h3>
<p align="left">
<a href="https://linkedin.com/in/victor egbadon" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/linked-in-alt.svg" alt="victor egbadon" height="30" width="40" /></a>
</p>

<h3 align="left">Languages and Tools:</h3>
<p align="left"> <a href="https://getbootstrap.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/bootstrap/bootstrap-plain-wordmark.svg" alt="bootstrap" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.w3schools.com/css/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/css3/css3-original-wordmark.svg" alt="css3" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.cypress.io" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/simple-icons/simple-icons/6e46ec1fc23b60c8fd0d2f2ff46db82e16dbd75f/icons/cypress.svg" alt="cypress" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.djangoproject.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/django.svg" alt="django" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://expressjs.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/express/express-original-wordmark.svg" alt="express" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://firebase.google.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/firebase/firebase-icon.svg" alt="firebase" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://git-scm.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/git-scm/git-scm-icon.svg" alt="git" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://graphql.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/graphql/graphql-icon.svg" alt="graphql" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.w3.org/html/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/html5/html5-original-wordmark.svg" alt="html5" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" alt="javascript" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/mongodb/mongodb-original-wordmark.svg" alt="mongodb" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://nextjs.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/nextjs-2.svg" alt="nextjs" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://nodejs.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/nodejs/nodejs-original-wordmark.svg" alt="nodejs" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.python.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/python/python-original.svg" alt="python" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://reactjs.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/react/react-original-wordmark.svg" alt="react" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://redux.js.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/redux/redux-original.svg" alt="redux" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://sass-lang.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/sass/sass-original.svg" alt="sass" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://tailwindcss.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/tailwindcss/tailwindcss-icon.svg" alt="tailwind" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.typescriptlang.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/typescript/typescript-original.svg" alt="typescript" width="40" height="40"/> </a> </p>

<p><img align="left" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs?username=egbadon-victor&show_icons=true&locale=en&layout=compact" alt="egbadon-victor" /></p>

<p>&nbsp;<img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=egbadon-victor&show_icons=true&locale=en" alt="egbadon-victor" /></p>

<p><img align="center" src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=egbadon-victor&" alt="egbadon-victor" /></p>
